A Liang I
Dad has been in the mansion for ten years, uncle
You scared me!
You little thing
And how can you just call me uncle?
Am I that old?
I'm, uh, wait
Dad, this is my daughter Ma Huayun
And he was right.
I have been on welfare for 10 years.
My hair
Boundless you respect
It's not brother, you're not even a right bird
Don't think about it.
It was an accident.
Rakshasa state master
I have been sealed with all my cultivation
It was forced.
Hey, got it, got it.
Forced to enjoy the life of a consort for 10 years
Brother, I have to go to work every day.
Do you have to do it for your life?
that
No dad, it's actually hard every day
If you don't have a heart, it will make your mother happier
I often can't eat
What is it that you can't eat?
I have been here for more than 100 years.
I have eaten more grass than the Immortal Shennong
Ah Liang, what are you doing with the children?
Sounds like me
Don't waste your chance to break up.